To display them all I'll go back to my favorites component because this is where I'm able to tap on
one of my items here one of my quotes to display a mole and I'll first add a click listener to this
item.
Click and are simply named as on that view quote and of course I'll pass to quote one of you as an argument
in the body of this component and therefore can I add you on view.
Quote Mefford where I know I will get a quote of type quote.
And here here's the place where I want to open the mole in order to create a motile we need to inject
a helpful close eye on it to give us bimodal controller.
So let's add this to the constructor mode.
The controller would be a fitting name and the type is modal controller not modal controller needs to
be imported from my onic angler.
So let's add the import modal controller from ionic angler just like this.
And as does get all the tools we need to create a modal.
I would say the word isn't a constant name of modal any name you want of course and then exits Dimeola
control we just inject it and there we have a create method.
This is a common theme you see an eye on it too.
You saw it on the alert there.
We also had the create method on the alert controller.
Now we have to create method on the modal controller as you see this again throughout the course.
There are a lot of controllers for yet Mole's alerts but later we also see a loader and so on.
Which all have a create method to create these overlays we have in our application.
There are a couple of a whaleboat overlays models and other being two of them and are always created
with decreed method.
Here we are of course all need to pass some data to configure this model and the data we need to pass
year actually is the page we want to load.
So the quote page makes sure to alter add import at the top that we're telling ionic to.
This is the content of our model.
With this we're setting up the model now with modal pre-sent we can display it to the user.
Now let's save this to see it in action and go back to a running application.
Let's quickly add a quote to our favorites so that we have one to click on.
Now let me click on it and here you go.
This is our model of course we can't get rid of it right now because we haven't hooked up all the buttons.
That is what we're going to do next before we Denne also start adding some or passing some data to the
model model which we can display here.